Tournament: Any | Round: 1 | Opponent: Any | Judge: Any
Here are the interps we would like you to meet (Subject to Change):Interpretation: Debaters must disclose all constructive positions previously read at TOC bid tournaments on a NDCA 2021-22 PF wiki page associated with their school and team name with their card tags, cites, and cited text at least 30 minutes before the round.Interpretation: Debaters must disclose all possible interpretations to theory shells they’ll read on a NDCA 2021-22 PF wiki page associated with their school and team name at least 30 minutes before the round.Interpretation: The negative should argue that NATO shouldn't substantially increase defensive commitments in the Baltic States.Interpretation: When debaters introduce evidence, they must have a cut card readily available with the cited text of the article bolded or highlighted.Interpretation: When providing a card, debaters must have cites along with it containing the author name, date, article title, source, and link when applicable.Interpretation: Debaters may not sever out of constructive speech.Interpretation: Debaters reading Kritiks must have a realistic alternative with implications outside of the debate round.Interpretation: Debaters must verbally disclose if their speech discusses non graphic or graphic potentially triggering subject matters, including (what they read).Trigger warnings keep survivors safe. 
Innocent Lives Foundation. "Importance of Trigger Warnings". The Innocent Lives Foundation, No Date, <span class="wikiexternallink"><a class="wikimodel-freestanding" href="https://www.innocentlivesfoundation.org/importance-of-trigger-warnings/."><span class="wikigeneratedlinkcontent">https://www.innocentlivesfoundation.org/importance-of-trigger-warnings/.</a> (JL)
While each of these symptoms is equally awful, we wanted to offer you a way you could help survivors cope with everyday life. Trigger warnings are simple ways to help survivors avoid reliving the event, reduce distress, and allow them to prepare themselves mentally. The American Psychological Association shares that vivid memories of trauma are more distressing if they happen without any warning than if the survivor intentionally thinks about their trauma. Instead, unprompted triggering information can cause a host of other issues from mental health disorders like panic attacks, difficulty sleeping, and more. Trigger warnings are respectful ways to communicate about deeply personal issues while refraining from delegitimizing someone’s experience. This does not mean that you must avoid the topic altogether—it simply means that you should address the topic with nuance. People argue that trigger warnings do not allow the survivor to heal from the PTSD, and this article does not dispute this claim. Rather, trigger warnings acknowledge and respect that people must deal with their trauma when they are ready; therefore, it does not force them to deal with their triggers if they are not ready. Ultimately, it is up to the survivor to decide when they are ready to deal with their PTSD. Like the American Psychological Association said, memories of trauma are worse without warning.